Add note for Put/Delete operation in the API guide (#747)
scalar-labs/scalardb: docs/api-guide.md

`Put` is an operation to put a record specified by a primary key.
It behaves as an upsert operation for a record, i.e., updating the record if the record exists; otherwise, inserting the record.

> Note that when you update the existing record you need to read it using `Get` or `Scan` before `Put` operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when you update an existing record, you need to read it using a `Get` or a `Scan` before a `Put` operation.
```

#### Delete operation

`Delete` is an operation to delete a record specified by a primary key.

> Note that when you delete a record you need to read it using `Get` or `Scan` before `Delete` operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when you delete a record, you need to read it using a `Get` or a `Scan` before a `Delete` operation.
```
